Automatically use small DST for large Resolutions (#548)
Hi-PACE/hipace: docs/source/run/parameters.rst

    Which solver to use.
    Possible values: ``predictor-corrector`` and ``explicit``.

* ``hipace.use_small_dst`` (`bool`) optional (default `0` or `1`)
    Whether to use a large R2C or a small C2R fft in the dst of the Poisson solver.

>     The small dst can be much quicker for high resolutions :math:`\geq 511`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The small dst is quicker for simulations with :math:`\geq 511` transverse grid points.
```

Thanks to your tests, we can now be specific here.
